ID	Name	Desc	EndDesc
	Name	Description	End Description
1	Unearthing Artifact	A luz fraca do tesouro foi vista à noite em [TXT] nos últimos dias. Dizem que há algum artefato perdido é desenterrado lá.	O artefato em [TXT] foi levado por outros.
2	Unearthing Artifact	Um farol de luz brilhante atravessando as nuvens frequentemente aparece em [TXT] nos últimos dias. Dizem que algum artefato precioso está prestes a ser desenterrado lá.	O artefato em [TXT] foi levado por outros.
3	Unearthing Artifact	Mudanças drásticas na terra e no céu foram observadas à medida que o vento e as nuvens convergem em [TXT]. Dizem que algum artefato antigo está prestes a ser desenterrado lá.	O artefato em [TXT] foi levado por outros.
4	Unearthing Artifact	Mudanças drásticas na terra e no céu foram observadas à medida que o vento e as nuvens convergem em [TXT]. Dizem que algum artefato antigo está prestes a ser desenterrado lá. Dizem que devido ao efeito do selo, os arredores tornaram-se uma terra Amaldiçoada de Gelo ([temperature]-150[/temperature]) tornando-se impossivel  se aproximar.	O artefato em [TXT] foi levado por outros.
5	Unearthing Artifact	Mudanças drásticas na terra e no céu foram observadas à medida que o vento e as nuvens convergem em [TXT]. Dizem que algum artefato antigo está prestes a ser desenterrado lá. Dizem que devido ao efeito do selo, os arredores se tornaram ama Terra Amaldiçoada Infernal ([temperature]500[/temperature]) tornando-se impossivel  se aproximar.	O artefato em [TXT] foi levado por outros.
6	Manifesting Cave	Dizem que uma misteriosa caverna pertencente a um antigo imortal desconhecido está se manifestando em [TXT].	A Caverna Imortal em [TXT] A Caverna Imortal em, e os tesouros secretos nela foram saqueados por outros cultivadores.
7	Manifesting Cave	Dizem que uma misteriosa caverna pertencente a um antigo imortal desconhecido está se manifestando em [TXT]. A caverna é protegida por feitiços de proteção e seu interior esta envolto em frio ([temperature]-150[/temperature]), matando quem não tem resistência a isso.	A Caverna Imortal em [TXT] já apareceu, e os tesouros secretos nele foram saqueados por outros cultivadores.
8	Manifesting Cave	Dizem que uma misteriosa caverna pertencente a um antigo imortal desconhecido está se manifestando em [TXT]. A caverna é protegida por feitiços de proteção e seu interior queima com fogo ([temperature]500[/temperature]), matando quem não tem resistência a isso.	A Caverna Imortal em [TXT] já apareceu, e os tesouros secretos nele foram saqueados por outros cultivadores.
9	Manifesting Cave	Dizem que uma misteriosa caverna pertencente a um antigo imortal desconhecido está se manifestando em [TXT]. O dono da caverna era um mestre em fabricação de artefatos, que montou inúmeras armadilhas e feitiços de proteção com essa habilidade. Não se pode explorar e sobreviver a caverna sem ser proficiente em Criação de Artefatos.	A Caverna Imortal em [TXT] já apareceu, e os tesouros secretos nele foram saqueados por outros cultivadores.
10	Manifesting Cave	Dizem que uma misteriosa caverna pertencente a um antigo imortal desconhecido está se manifestando em [TXT]. O dono da caverna era um mestre alquimista, que montou inúmeras armadilhas e feitiços de proteção com essa habilidade. Não se pode explorar e sobreviver a caverna sem ser proficiente em Alquimia.	A Caverna Imortal em [TXT] já apareceu, e os tesouros secretos nele foram saqueados por outros cultivadores.
11	Traces of Ancient Book	Diz-se que um mortal havia desenterrado um livro notável que há muito se pensava estar perdido de uma tumba antiga. Mas o livro foi então passado para outros e acabou perdido em [TXT].	O livro notável desenterrado em [TXT] foi levado por algum cultivador.
12	Unearthing Manual	Dizem que um cultivador encontrou pistas de um manual secreto que foi enterrado por algum antigo imortal em [TXT].	Um cultivador misterioso, favorecido pela fortuna, adquiriu o manual perdido.
14	Manifesting Miracle	Diz-se que foram desenterradas Stone Engravings of Dragon Cliff em [TXT], possivelmente manifestação de um antigo milagre perdido.	Um cultivador misterioso tomou este misterioso milagre.
15	Manifesting Miracle	Diz-se que foram desenterradas Stone Engravings of Dragon Cliff em [TXT], possivelmente manifestação de um antigo milagre perdido. No entanto, devido à interação da energia do mecaniso  e a energia do ceu e da terra, os arredores do local desenterrado foram envoltas em gelo. ([temperature]-150[/temperature]).	Um cultivador misterioso tomou este misterioso milagre.
16	Manifesting Miracle	Diz-se que foram desenterradas Stone Engravings of Dragon Cliff em [TXT], possivelmente manifestação de um antigo milagre perdido. No entanto, devido à interação da energia do mecaniso  e a energia do ceu e da terra, os arredores do local desenterrado foram cercadas pelo fogo do inferno ([temperature]500[/temperature]).	Um cultivador misterioso tomou este misterioso milagre.
17	Traces of Evil Sect	Discípulos da seita maligna foram vistos vagando em [TXT], aparentam estar tramando algo.	Os discípulos da seita maligna que apareceram em [TXT] Partiram.
18	Traces of Evil Sect	Discípulos de elite da seita maligna foram vistos vagando em [TXT], aparentam estar tramando algo.	Os discípulos da seita maligna que apareceram em [TXT] Partiram.
19	Traces of Evil Sect	Anciões da seita maligna foram vistos vagando em [TXT], aparentam estar tramando algo.	Os discípulos da seita maligna que apareceram em [TXT] Partiram.
20	Traces of Just Sect	Discípulos da seita justa foram vistos vagando em [TXT], aparentam estar tramando algo.	Os discípulos das seitas justas que apareceram em [TXT] Partiram.
21	Traces of Just Sect	Discípulos de elite da seita justa foram vistos vagando em [TXT], aparentam estar tramando algo.	Os discípulos das seitas justas que apareceram em [TXT] Partiram.
22	Traces of Just Sect	Anciões da seita justa foram vistos vagando em [TXT], aparentam estar tramando algo.	Os discípulos das seitas justas que apareceram em [TXT] Partiram.
23	Treasure Secret	De acordo com The Windtamer's Travels: Volume VI, o Mestre Ancestral Hunyuan foi atacado por seis seitas malignas no Wormwrought Valley of Wild South, e os tesouros mais preciosos que ele carregava se perderam no vale.	
24	Treasure Secret	De acordo com Supplementary Records: Book III of III, Exultant Isle se manifestou a partir dos restos mortais do Archaean Dragon após sua Ascensão. Diz-se que o Lago do Dragão Venenoso na ilha é a localização do Archaean Dragon. Seu interior é um mundo proprio.	
25	Treasure Secret	De acordo com The Windtamer's Travels: Volume I, há ainda outra misteriosa caverna interna sob os Remains of Immortal Doctor's Cave no Alchemist's Peak.	
26	Treasure Secret	De acordo com Secret Taoist Records: As Great Desert Chronicles, o deserto foi formado devido a um meteorito caindo do céu no antigo período Archaean.	
27	Treasure Secret	De acordo com Supplementary Records: Book I of III, sob a Celestial Pool of Mt. Nelumbo há uma construção antigamente usada pelo Divine Farmer como local de reclusão. Dentro dele há um mapa detalhado que vale a pena explorar.	
28	Treasure Secret	De acordo com The Windtamer's Travels: Volume II, Era uma vez um Celestial Demon que foi selado dentro da the Mills Pine Forest, no sopé das montanhas Black Mountains. Um Milagre pode ser obtido comunicando-se com o Demônio Celestial através de uma Lei Secreta.	
29	Manifesting Mandate	Rumor says there is falling star in the middle of the day and Taoist lotus sprouting out from the ground at [TXT], possibly indicating an imminent manifestation of mandate of an ancient immortal. It has attracted cultivators from all directions.	A mysterious cultivator has obtained the ancient immortal's mandate.
30	Manifesting Mandate	Rumor says there is falling star in the middle of the day and Taoist lotus sprouting out from the ground at [TXT], possibly indicating an imminent manifestation of mandate of an ancient immortal. It has attracted cultivators from all directions.	A mysterious cultivator has obtained the ancient immortal's mandate.
31	Manifesting Mandate	Rumor says there is falling star in the middle of the day and Taoist lotus sprouting out from the ground at [TXT], possibly indicating an imminent manifestation of mandate of an ancient immortal. It has attracted cultivators from all directions.	A mysterious cultivator has obtained the ancient immortal's mandate.
32	Manifesting Mandate	Rumor says there is falling star in the middle of the day and Taoist lotus sprouting out from the ground at [TXT], possibly indicating an imminent manifestation of mandate of an ancient immortal. It has attracted cultivators from all directions.	A mysterious cultivator has obtained the ancient immortal's mandate.
33	Manifesting Mandate	Rumor says there is falling star in the middle of the day and Taoist lotus sprouting out from the ground at [TXT], possibly indicating an imminent manifestation of mandate of an ancient immortal. It has attracted cultivators from all directions.	A mysterious cultivator has obtained the ancient immortal's mandate.
34	Manifesting Mandate	Rumor says there is falling star in the middle of the day and Taoist lotus sprouting out from the ground at [TXT], possibly indicating an imminent manifestation of mandate of an ancient immortal. It has attracted cultivators from all directions.	A mysterious cultivator has obtained the ancient immortal's mandate.
39	Taiyi Stone Casket	Rumor says a hunter from Nanping Village has found a dead body at the foot of Mt. FullMoon. The body has a stone casket on it, which is invulnerable to water and fire, very paranormal.\n (Secret activated, please go to the [color=#D06508]World[/color] panel, click on the Secret button to inspect it. Click on the Secret to travel to its location. If the location is not available, you can take on more Adventures to unlock new locations.)	
40	Return to Taiyi	It's been more than half a month now, I wonder if the criminals who attacked Taiyi sect has left. Perhaps I should go back to Taiyi sect to take a look and see if there's any clues.	
41	Paladin Order	Words are spread among cultivators that seventeen heinous criminal who are the remnants of the Thousand Soul Cult have escaped from the sword prison on Mt. Shu. A Paladin Order has been issued by Mt. Shu, calling out to cultivators among the world to eliminate these demonic cultists, and will grant substantial rewards to those who managed to do so.	All seventeen Thousand Soul cultists have been killed. Mt. Shu retrieved their Paladin Order.
42	Traces of Demonic Cult	Rumor says some Thousand Soul cultists have escaped to [TXT]. In order to restore their power, they would find mortals with strong souls to practice their demonic magic on. Perhaps we can take advantage of this to set up a trap to capture them.	The Thousand Soul cultists have disappeared and are nowhere to be found.
43	Kunlun Competition	The Kunlun Competition that lasts for seven days is hosted once a year. Sects among the world, just or evil, each sends their bests as representatives to gather at the Mt. Kunlun to debate and compete for their fortune.	The Kunlun Competition has ended.
44	Immortal Destiny Fair	The Great Immortal Destiny Fair which is held yearly in the cultivation world has now begun. All major sects have joined the event at [TXT] to recruit new disciples with potential. For a time, all the talented among the world who aspire to seek the ways of the immortals have gathered here.	Immortal Destiny Fair has ended.
45	The Demon Emperor's Tomb Opened	The time has come for The Demon Emperor's Tomb of the Wild South to open, which happens every three years. It is said that the tomb will open for 28 days, during which those who are destined for it could obtain the legacy of the Demon Emperor. For a time, people from all over the cultivation world have gathered at the Wild South.	The Demon Emperor's Tomb has closed.
46	Golden Casket Opened	Lake Jadestone in The Great Snowland has been throwing up some waves in recent days, indicating that the Golden Casket treasures within it will be opened seven days later. The Golden Casket contains all kinds of rare treasures collected or extorted by Fu Pikong, the Emperor of Demons, during his days being an overlord. Its opening has brought an onrush of cultivators seeking their fortune.	The Golden Casket has closed, treasures made available during the opening have been carved up and looted.
47	Disturbance of the Otherworld	Recent rumor coming from the Seascape says that there has been a sea region shrouded in cloud and fogs appeared in the Deep Sea to the north. It is unusually dangerous, as no one that has gone in is ever seen coming out.	
48	Mystery of the Otherworld	The Otherworld Rift has resurfaced in the world, perhaps new fortunes await us there.	
49	Ye Xuan the Gambler	There are reports of Ye Xuan being seen wandering around at [TXT]. It's said that the man likes to go everywhere collecting rare treasures. With an eccentric personality, gambling is his life. He would bet his treasures against a portion of one's lifespan. Countless outlaws have lost the entirety of their lives gambling against him in the past hundred years. He has enemies everywhere. However, no one has ever managed to catch him, as he excels in the ways of evasion.	Ye Xuan the Gambler has left [TXT] and is nowhere to be found.
50	Ancient Celeste Talisman	Each school or sect has its own symbol as an identifier to use in their travels, such as the Sword Talisman of Mt. Shu and the Celeste Talisman of Skydome Palace. After reading Records of the Immortals: Volume III multiple times, you acutely noticed that there is a considerable difference between the identity symbol used by the Celestial Patriarch back then and the Celeste Talisman being used today. You pondered the reason behind this. Although this information is not of much use, still you decided to take a note and write it down.	
51	Homecoming	Return the Celestial Patriarch's remains to the Skydome Palace, so that the ancestral master can enjoy sacrifices offered by future generations.	
52	Miniature Scroll	The primordial scroll that contains the miniatures of all beings has appeared at Mt. Mesa of Central Plain. A very magical object, it is said that this thing can summon living creatures of the world and manifest them into existence.	
53	Flood Dragon Tracks	Flood Dragon's aura has been emanating from [TXT] as of late.	Flood Dragon's aura has disappeared...
54	Phoenix Tracks	Phoenix's aura has been emanating from [TXT] as of late.	Phoenix's aura has disappeared...
55	Yin-Yang Breath	A Yin and Yang aura has been emanating from [TXT] as of late.	The Yin and Yang aura has disappeared...
56	Rumors of Ancient Cultivator	Recently, there are news of ancient cultivator being present at [TXT].	The ancient cultivator rumored to appear at [TXT] has left...
57	Traces of an Old Friend	Recently, the nearby villagers said they saw a strange man with extremely long arms appear in Mt. Coppertomb, who run very fast and climb mountains with ease. The description sounds like the old seventh disciple of Taiyi sect who became obsessed with formations. Did he survive that catastrophe, too? Maybe you should go check it out sometime.	
58	Golden Casket Opened	Lake Jadestone in The Great Snowland has been throwing up some waves in recent days, indicating that the Golden Casket treasures within it will be opened seven days later. The Golden Casket contains all kinds of rare treasures collected or extorted by Fu Pikong, the Emperor of Demons, during his days being an overlord. Its opening has brought an onrush of cultivators seeking their fortune.	The Golden Casket has closed, treasures made available during the opening have been carved up and looted.
59	War of Mortals	Recently, a war broke out among mortals near [TXT]. Countless people died or got injured, leaving piles of bodies lying around.	A cultivator passing by could not bear to see the horrendous scene, thus they used their power to stop the war.
60	Plagues wreak havoc	Recently, a plague broke out in [TXT]. Fear spread across the area, as many mortals either died or fell seriously ill.	A cultivator passing by could not bear to see the horrendous scene, thus they used their power to get rid of the plague.
61	Evils in the World	Recently, a gang of demons were operating in [TXT]. Many mortals were kidnapped and killed, raising alarms and causing rumors to spread amongst people.	A cultivator passing by stepped in and tamed the demons.
62	Sudden Disaster	Recently, a natural disaster broke out near [TXT]. People were in serious distraught, as many mortals had died in it.	A cultivator passing by stepped in, stopped the disaster, and took care of the survivors.
63	Golden Casket Opened	Lake Jadestone in The Great Snowland has been throwing up some waves in recent days, indicating that the Golden Casket treasures within it will be opened seven days later. The Golden Casket contains all kinds of rare treasures collected or extorted by Fu Pikong, the Emperor of Demons, during his days being an overlord. Its opening has brought an onrush of cultivators seeking their fortune.	The Golden Casket has closed, treasures made available during the opening have been carved up and looted.
64	Manifesting Mandate	Rumor says there is falling star in the middle of the day and Taoist lotus sprouting out from the ground at [TXT], possibly indicating an imminent manifestation of mandate of an ancient immortal. It has attracted cultivators from all directions.	A mysterious cultivator has obtained the ancient immortal's mandate.
65	Lost Law	As the agency expanded, we have gained a lot of followers in Mt. South and become better connected than before. Recently, the agent reported that people discovered a mysterious ruin under the river valley, which seemed spiritual and worth investigation.	It is said that the river valley has collapsed and the ruins have been completely destroyed. What a shame.
66	Golden Casket Opened	Lake Jadestone in The Great Snowland has been throwing up some waves in recent days, indicating that the Golden Casket treasures within it will be opened seven days later. The Golden Casket contains all kinds of rare treasures collected or extorted by Fu Pikong, the Emperor of Demons, during his days being an overlord. Its opening has brought an onrush of cultivators seeking their fortune.	The Golden Casket has closed, treasures made available during the opening have been carved up and looted.
67	Otherworld Tales	Rumor has it that someone discovered a mysterious passage deep in the Otherworld Rift. According the one who spreads the rumor, it was very dangerous on the other side of the passage. The cultivators and creatures there had never been seen before, with power even greater than ancient cultivators. But the rumor is considered too exaggerated and people often joke about it.	
68	Otherworld Comer	Nowadays it is said some strange traces are found around the Otherworld Rift. It seems that some cultivators come from the other end of the Otherworld Rift.	
1000	Elder Travels	It is said that {0}'s sage {1} often shows up at {2}.	{0}'s sage—{1} has disappeared in {2}.
1001	Tribute from Sunshade Abode	It is the time of the year that Sunshade Abode offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1002	Tribute from Kunlun Palace	It is the time of the year that Kunlun Palace offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1003	Tribute from Skydome Palace	It is the time of the year that Skydome Palace offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1004	Tribute from Purple Cloud Temple	It is the time of the year that Purple Cloud Temple offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1005	Tribute from Mystic Unity Sect	It is the time of the year that Mystic Unity Sect offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1006	Tribute from Blue Lotus Temple	It is the time of the year that Blue Lotus Temple offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1007	Tribute from Evenfall Abode	It is the time of the year that Evenfall Abode offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1008	Tribute from Mt. Hundred Insects	It is the time of the year that Mt. Hundred Insects offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1009	Tribute from Pit of Doom	It is the time of the year that Pit of Doom offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1010	Tribute from Seven-Slaughtering Sect	It is the time of the year that Seven-Slaughtering Sect offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1011	Tribute from Exultant Sect	It is the time of the year that Exultant Sect offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1012	Tribute from Daemonia Temple	It is the time of the year that Daemonia Temple offers their tribute. You can send disciples to collect it.	
1013	Traces	Receives a message about [EXTXT] going to [TXT].	[EXTXT]'s sage— has disappeared in [TXT].
1014	Hide Traces		
1015	Elder Travels	It is said that {0}'s sage {1} often shows up at {2}.	{0}'s sage—{1} has disappeared in {2}.
9000	Rebuild Agency	The followers of Taiyi Sect are heard complaining about having no place to worship. Should you go investigate?	
9001	Kill a Traitor	Sect {0} - It is said that the betrayer of Sect {0} has escaped here. They are counting on you bringing him in.	
9002	Mortal Relic Auction	The auction is starting again. This auction will sell some common items.	
9003	Battle Against Evil	{1} the individual cultivator, who has slain {0}'s disciple, is spotted in {2}. Having agreed to avenge {0}, you set out to hunt {1} down.	
9004	Purge Spies	{1}, a spy who has infiltrated {0}, has fled to {2}. You agreed to root them out for {0}.	
9005	Kill a Traitor	{1}, who has betrayed {0}, has fled to {2}. You agreed to root them out for {0}.	
9006	Drought	Suddenly, there is a [EXTXT] in [TXT]. Countless mortals are either dead or injured, as fear and anxiety spread across the land.	Someone has used their immortal power to affect the disaster. It will damage the Creed of Heaven if you go there too.
9007	Flood	Suddenly, there is a [EXTXT] in [TXT]. Countless mortals are either dead or injured, as fear and anxiety spread across the land.	Someone has used their immortal power to affect the disaster. It will damage the Creed of Heaven if you go there too.
9008	Cold Wave	Suddenly, there is a [EXTXT] in [TXT]. Countless mortals are either dead or injured, as fear and anxiety spread across the land.	Someone has used their immortal power to affect the disaster. It will damage the Creed of Heaven if you go there too.
9009	Earthquake	Suddenly, there is a [EXTXT] in [TXT]. Countless mortals are either dead or injured, as fear and anxiety spread across the land.	Someone has used their immortal power to affect the disaster. It will damage the Creed of Heaven if you go there too.
9010	Awaken Beast		The Awaken beast foi levado por outros.
9011	Mystic Auction	The auction is starting again. The items to be sold in this auction are shrouded in mysteries and cannot be identified.	
9012	Miscellaneous Auction	The auction is starting again. This auction sells a wide range of items, with a large variety of people joining it too.	
9013	Treasure Auction	The auction is starting again. Items being sold in this auction are all very rare treasures, and the guests attending it are all extraordinary people.	
9100	Dragon Cliff inscriptions	It is said that the sky was falling and earth was cracking deep inside the desert, after which the Dragon Cliff inscriptions, holy site of the ancient Yaoguai, has reemerged in the world!	
9101	Dragon Cliff inscriptions	It is said that the sky was falling and earth was cracking deep inside the desert, after which the Dragon Cliff inscriptions, holy site of the ancient Yaoguai, has reemerged in the world!	