There are a number of hotkeys that can be used to facilitate gameplay, such as for attacks or CTRL + number (i.e. 1~0) to assign characters to teams. Press F11 for details
The secret to good Feng Shui is that the tile's element should beget the element of the building set on it. You can check the element properties of a tile after building an observatory.
Once an outer disciple is injured, the character(s) assigned with healer's Work will automatically try to heal them. Medicine is automatically consumed when someone is injured.
The speed of an Adventure can be increased by using the Talisman of Spiritual Travelling or Talisman of Departing Shadow.
In the early stages, you can gather Cotton at Mt. Barren to remedy the need for clothes.
A room's Feng Shui and Attractiveness affects the mood of disciples.
Flooring a room increases its Attractiveness.
Sect Reputation affects the strength of the enemies attack you.
You can adjust the grounds Feng Shui element by using different floors.
A body of flesh and blood has its own advantages, for example, it can be used as a puppet or to fertilize the field...
Objects or buildings of the Fire Element increase the room/surrounding's temperature.
Objects or buildings of the Water Element increase the room/surrounding's temperature.
Placing a Dragon Bell at an appropriate location can ensure the safety of outer disciples.
The soil's fertility and Qi affect the growth rate of crops.
The size of a room can be anywhere between 4-400.
The temperature of a room is the same anywhere in that room.
Remember to bury disciples after they pass away.
Planting wheat is an important source of food.
Going to the city allows you to recruit Disciples and purchase goods and materials.
Continuing to explore imporant locations on the map may unlock new locations.
A giant ginkgo is a rare find.
Place a Water Vat in an appropriate location. This will make life and work more convenient for Disciples.
Take part in the annual Immortal Destiny Fair to arrange for a large quantity of outer disciples to visit the mountain.
Only Disciples with Golden Core or above are allowed to take part in the annual Kunlun Qi Fair. Lower level Disciples may only watch the event.
Press down the Ctrl key and use the demolish feature to rebuild buildings in batch.
Press down the Ctrl key and use the cancel feature to ban/restore in batch.
A character may die from stealing items from another sect.
The world of cultivators is a warm place, and of course, the warmth does not solely come from Igneocopper Ores.
If a sect is too weak, it can only wait to be slaughtered.
Ancient Formations are surely powerful, but Formations created on your own can also be as destructive.
Dragging or double-clicking can be used to select multiple units.
Press down the Shift key to select multiple units.
Immortal Rumors: Some sect's leader ate so much bread replete with Qi that he exploded and died.
Immortal Rumors: Someone found an ancient Law within an old Stone Casket.
Immortal Rumors: Even Immortals can get greedy; it's difficult to resist the pleasure of great food.
Immortal Rumors: Toothache is the most difficult condition to cure.
Immortal Rumors: Mt. Shu's Blue Lotus Temple has it all...
Immortal Rumors: If a grave's Feng Shui is insufficient, something scary might happen at night...
Immortal Rumors: There is a way to make the sky ever clear and sunny. It is rumored to be connected to an ancient beast...
Immortal Rumors: Flooring can be laid in areas with shallow water...
Immortal Rumors: Germophobe disciples are difficult to deal with...
Immortal Rumors: There was once a cultivator that was able to nab a precious treasure from a Heavenly Tribulation.
Immortal Rumors: Friends on the Law are dissatisfied by stingy people that want to drag them to their sect...
Immortal Rumors: It is a great time to study Laws whenever a mandate manifests.
Immortal Rumors: Rumor has it that many sites have rare treasures hidden within, waiting for the right person to find them.
Immortal Rumors: Most common buildings in all the sects allow people's access and observation.