ID	Name	Desc	Gong	GrandMaster
Numbers after 499 unavailable	Sect Name	Description	Sect Laws Input Anything No Entity	Founder
1	Sunshade Abode	Direct descendant of the way of Supreme Clarity in the mortal realm. Located at the top of Mt. Sunshade, it is a pillar in the world of just. The Sunshade Abode excels at artifact crafting. All ten of the Divine Swords they keep in their sect as a deterrence are finest weapons of unparalleled quality, being tier ten or above.	Myriad Artifact Law	Avarice Lord
2	Kunlun Palace	Descendant of the way of Jade Clarity passed down from the Primordial Lord. Proudly located at the foot of Mt. Kunlun, the ancestral dragon veins of fortune, it is a pillar in the world of just. The Jade Purity Immortal Law sought by the Kunluns are known for its vigorous power. With a large number of disciples, it is considered the greatest of just sects.	Jade Purity Immortal Law	Primordial Lord
3	Skydome Palace	Reclusive sect located at the Heavenstep Peak, it only accept beautiful men and women as disciples. They practice a secret Law in which one embrace their emotions and passion in the process of cultivation, but then throw them all away in order to approach a supreme state, leaving numerous languishing men and women in the world of cultivators as a result.	Emotion Severing Law	Radiant Lord
4	Purple Cloud Temple	A sect that actively participates in secular affairs, known for their experienced reading of Feng Shui. The sect principle is to practice Taoist virtues by going on adventures. Their disciples seek immortality, but also act like travelling warriors, most of which wander around the world by reading Feng Shui and telling fortune.	Way of the Divine Cloud	Spiritualist Violet
5	Mystic Unity Sect	A sect that actively participates in secular affairs. The national religion in the mortal realm and counselor of the emperor. The sect buildings all look luxurious and solemn, with purple as their basic color, displaying a sense of royalty. As the national religion, the sect has continuous followers.	Way of Celestial Heart	Mystic Unity Sect Cultivator
6	Blue Lotus Temple	A secluded sect founded by the Blue Lotus Immortal, known for their mastery of sword that is used for killing. The sect principle is to live a liberated life.	Sword of Supreme White	Immortal Lord Blue Lotus
7	Evenfall Abode	Evenfall Abode is located on the bank of Celestial Pool in Mt. Nelumbo. Their disciples are skilled alchemists, known for their healing power and aloofness in the world of cultivators.	Secret Taoist Records	Spiritualist Five Lotus
8	Mt. Hundred Insects	The ancient sect of the Southern Cult, consisting mostly of savages from the Southern Frontier. They are very evil and brutal, often committing crimes in the world of cultivators that are too horrific to tell.	Book of a Hundred Poisons	Green Robe Patriarch
9	Pit of Doom	Evil sect located at Mt. Pitfall that believe in the Earthmother. Way of Dual Extremities is the ultimate technique in the sect's secret codex. It allows one to harness the Qi of Metamagnet deep inside the earth's crust and incorporate it into their body to form a strong magnetic field. Anyone not following the same Law will be negatively affected if coming within 300 meters, feeling extremely uncomfortable and Qi flow disturbed. Thus this sect is extremely hard to infiltrate, and is mysterious even among cultivators.	Way of Dual Extremities	Elder of Heavenly Defect
10	Seven-Slaughtering Sect	The ultimate evil sect in today's world, mostly known among cultivators for their violent sword techniques. The sect buildings are similarly aggressive, with formidable sword formations lining around the sect.	Seven-Slaughtering Sword	Seven-Slaughtering Priest
11	Exultant Sect	An evil sect based on the Reunion Isle. Its main disciples are all females, known to the rest of the world for their skilled extraction of Qi from men.	Sutra of the Six Disires	Mrs. Goldspirit
12	Daemonia Temple	A huge faction of evil located deep in the Great Western Desert.	Shapeshifting Chant	Snake Emperor
