ID	Secret	Title	Type	BeiZhu	Source	Txt	RelationEvidence	RelationMotivation
	对应的类型	内容	动机0参与者1证据2	备注				
1	1	Mysterious Figure	0		Evenfall Abode Elder - Gan Ming	According to Elder Gan Ming of the Evenfall Abode, the disciples of Mt. Hundred Insects suddenly started to keep a low profile at [desc_daytime=-20]. They seemed to be plotting to seize some treasure from a certain sect. And it was just around the time when Taiyi Sect was attacked. If this proved to be true, it could explain the involvement of Mt. Hundred Insects.	5	
2	1	Mysterious Figure	1		Evenfall Abode Elder - Yue Qingchou	According to Eldar Yue Qingchou of the Evenfall Abode, when doing some business overseas at [desc_daytime=-20], they saw huge flames coming out of Mt. FullMoon and came to investigate, only to discover that the whole area had been deployed a formation spanning a hundred miles. Unable to come any closer, the only thing they saw was golden light all over the sky from deep inside the circle. It was Poisons of Golden Cicada, a unique magic from Mt. Hundred Insects. If there is evidence to prove that what she said is truth, then Mt. Hundred Insects must be involved in the destruction of Taiyi.	3|4	1
3	1	Mysterious Figure	2		Evenfall Abode Disciple - Lin Siyuan	According to Lin Siyuan, a disciple of the Evenfall Abode, he once found an ancient Immortal Abode oversea with very powerful prohibition mechanisms. If it weren't for Elder Yue Qingchou coming to his rescue, he would have been killed then and there. And it was just around the time when Taiyi Sect was attacked. So it seems Elder Yue Qingchou was indeed just a bystander, not a murderer.		
4	1	Mysterious Figure	2		Evenfall Abode Elder - Ning Xiao	According to Elder Ning Xiao of the Evenfall Abode, Elder Yue Qingchou harbors a personal grudge against Mt. Hundred Insects, having fought them god know how many times in the past, and neither side could gain an advantage. Hence they are very familiar with Mt. Hundred Insects magic. Judging from this, Elder Yue Qingchou could not have got it wrong. It was indeed the disciples from Mt. Hundred Insects who took part in Taiyi's destruction.		
5	1	Mysterious Figure	2		Mt. Hundred Insects Disciple - Ba Han	According to Ba Han, a disciple of Mt. Hundred Insects, the elders in the sect went out together for some reason at [desc_daytime=-20]. When they came back, they walked straight into their Artifact Pavilion, as if having obtained something very valuable or important. Judging from this, it seems believable that Mt. Hundred Insects might have sent their elites to destroy Taiyi Sect for a certain treasure.		
6	2	Mystery of Taiyi	0	Hundred Insects	Mt. Hundred Insects Master - Qidiao Zhuo	According to Master Qidiao Zhuo of Mt. Hundred Insects, they obtained an ancient artifact called "Universe" at [desc_daytime=-20]. Disciples of Mt. Hundred Insects can used this artifact to create a Miniverse to carry around with them, which is very suitable for keeping Poisonous Golden Cicadas. Their wicked power of poison will feed back to them and greatly increase their cultivation.		
7	2	Mystery of Taiyi	0	Seven Slaughters	Seven-Slaughtering Sect Master - Chi Danqiu	According to Master Chi Danqiu of the Seven-Slaughtering Sect, she proudly mentioned that she devised a plan to destroy a certain sect at [desc_daytime=-20]. There was a deep hatred in her words, as if the destruction of said sect is something delightful. And that was exactly around the time when Taiyi Sect was destroyed. Is this a coincidence?		
8	2	Mystery of Taiyi	0	Exultant	Exultant Sect Master - Qing Yulan	When mentioned that a sect was destroyed in the southeast at [desc_daytime=-20], Master Qing Yulan of the Exultant Sect appeared to be quite knowledgeable on the matter. There was a deep hatred in her words, as if the destruction of said sect is something delightful. It makes you feel something is fishy.		
9	2	Mystery of Taiyi	0	Doom	Pit of Doom Master - Zhongli De	When mentioned that a sect was destroyed in the southeast at [desc_daytime=-20], a flash of fear and hatred appeared in the eyes of Master Zhongli De of Pit of Doom for a split second. They then pretended to not care about it, saying things like the weak deserved to be crushed. Very suspicious.		
10	2	Mystery of Taiyi	0	Purple Cloud	Purple Cloud Temple Master - Shentu Xi	When mentioned that a sect was destroyed in the southeast at [desc_daytime=-20], Master Shentu Xi of the Purple Cloud Temple became dodgy about the subject, with some kind of trepidation and fear, which is quite unusual.		
11	2	Mystery of Taiyi	0	True Unity	Mystic Unity Sect Master - Li Sunbo	When mentioned that a sect was destroyed in the southeast at [desc_daytime=-20], Master Li Sunbo of the Mystic Unity Sect glazed for a second before saying that he did not know. However, the momentary expression seemed to imply some kind of trepidation and fear, which is quite unusual.		
12	2	Mystery of Taiyi	0	Kunlun	Kunlun Palace Master - Ji Jie	When mentioned that a sect was destroyed in the southeast at [desc_daytime=-20], Master Ji Jie of the Kunlun Palace talked openly about the subject and gave her opinions, though not in details. There seemed to be a sign of relief in her words, along with some kind of trepidation and fear, which is quite unusual.		
13	2	Mystery of Taiyi	0	Sunshade	Sunshade Abode Master - Su Bingluan	When mentioned that a sect was destroyed in the southeast at [desc_daytime=-20], Master Su Bingluan of the Sunshade Abode, she straight out mentioned the name of Taiyi Sect, and expanded on the subject by voicing her concerns about the chaos in the cultivation world. However, despite talking from the perspective of an observer, there was a sense of lingering fear in her words, which is quite unusual.		
14	2	Mystery of Taiyi	1	Hundred Insects		There is no doubt that Mt. Hundred Insects is the main participant in the destruction of Taiyi. But Taiyi Sect was just a little-known sect among the southeastern part of the cultivation world. What kind of treasure the sect held in possession could have motivated a great demon sect such as Mt. Hundred Insects to send out all their elites to destroy them at any cost?		6
15	2	Mystery of Taiyi	1	Seven Slaughters	Mt. Hundred Insects Master - Bai Zhi	According to Master Bai zhi of Mt. Hundred Insects, an elder from the Seven-Slaughtering Sect came to pay a visit at [desc_daytime=-20]. While talking about some ancient secrets, said elder mentioned the miraculous uses of an ancient artifact called "Universe". Upon hearing this, all the elders of Mt. Hundred Insects who were present realized that this thing could fundamentally change and benefit the way they practice their Poisons of Golden Cicada magic. It is a perfect match.	22	7
16	2	Mystery of Taiyi	1	Exultant	Mt. Hundred Insects Master - Bai Zhi	According to Master Bai zhi of Mt. Hundred Insects, the Exultant Sect sent a Master Yin Lian, an expert of ancient secrets who is very knowledgeable on the matter, to pay a visit to their mountain at [desc_daytime=-20]. Their sect leader tried to asked about the ancient artifact called "Universe", and unexpectedly got a legitimate answer from her, that the item seemed to be connected with a sect called Taiyi to the southeast.	23	8
17	2	Mystery of Taiyi	1	Doom	Mt. Hundred Insects Master - Bai Zhi	According to Master Bai zhi of Mt. Hundred Insects, while she was travelling along with a master from Pit of Doom on one occasion, they happened to encounter a spy that Pit of Doom planted in the world of righteous cultivators delivering a secret message back. The elder from Pit of Doom opened the message in front of her, and one of info happened to be that the sect leader of Taiyi Sect had broken through the Golden Core state, and all their disciples returning back to their mountain to celebrate.	25	9
18	2	Mystery of Taiyi	1	Purple Cloud	Mt. Hundred Insects Master - Bai Zhi	According to Master Bai zhi of Mt. Hundred Insects, they were worried that since the Taiyi Sect had such a great treasure, they might have some powerful background. If they were not completely wiped out in this campaign, there would be future troubles. At this moment, a group of mysterious people approached them and brought an ancient formation diagram of Dragon Circle. They claimed to have quarrels with Taiyi Sect as well, and would like to join this campaign. To their surprise, they discovered that these mysterious people were with pure and boisterous Qi of purple, seemingly coming from the Purple Cloud Temple, a sect from the righteous Law.	24	10
19	2	Mystery of Taiyi	1	True Unity	Purple Cloud Temple Master - Xin Qi	According to Master Xin Qi of the Purple Cloud Temple, many masters from the Mystic Unity Sect came to pay a visit at [desc_daytime=-20], and together they held a forum of cultivation. For many days, masters from both sects exchanged profound philosophical ideas, with many good stories coming out of it. However, ordinary disciples were forbidden from spectating the forum, which was a bit strange.	26	11
20	2	Mystery of Taiyi	1	Kunlun	Purple Cloud Temple Master - Xin Qi	According to Master Xin Qi of the Purple Cloud Temple, people from Kunlun Palace came to pay a visit at [desc_daytime=-20], and exchanged formation plans for their elixirs. These aren't just any diagrams, they even include the Dragon Circle, a powerful formation of ancient times. Furthermore, the Kunlun Palace is a sect that excels at alchemy itself. It was really confusing that why would they make such an unprofitable trade.	27	12
21	2	Mystery of Taiyi	1	Sunshade	Purple Cloud Temple Master - Xin Qi	According to Master Xin Qi of the Purple Cloud Temple, at [desc_daytime=-20], people of Mt. Sunshade sold a large amount of Flood Dragon materials to them at a low price in exchange for Spiritstones to expand their sect. However, when he tried to apply for some Flood Dragon horns later to do some crafting, the sect rejected his request. It is unknown what did the sect do with those materials, which makes one wonder.	28|29	13
22	2	Mystery of Taiyi	2	Seven Slaughters	Seven-Slaughtering Sect Master - Yu Moran	According to Master Yu Moran of the Seven-Slaughtering Sect, many leaders of their sect suddenly started examining records about ancient artifact in their library at [desc_daytime=-20]. The Seven-Slaughtering Sect is known for using killing as their creed, very few of them would have cared about things such as ancient legends. For this many elders to act together in this way, there must be something unusual.		
23	2	Mystery of Taiyi	2	Exultant	Exultant Sect Master - Yin Lian	According to Master Yin Lian of the Exultant Sect, she had been in a closed-door session researching about ancient history and secrets in their backyard. At [desc_daytime=-20], she accidentally discovered a book fragment in their archive, which recorded the information that an ancient artifact called "Universe" might have been passed on to a small sect in the southeast. Just as she wondered why she had never noticed this book before in the past few decades, she was suddenly summoned by the sect leader to pay a visit to Mt. Hundred Insects. Strangely, people of Mt. Hundred Insects immediately asked about the whereabouts of "Universe", which is what seemed to her a weird coincidence. In addition, you noticed that Elder Yin Lian has an ancient jade on her with a very peculiar seal. It has an antique style and seemed to be part of a more complex seal. Finding it worthy of note, you memorized its details.		
25	2	Mystery of Taiyi	2	Doom	Pit of Doom Disciple - Zhu Fei	According to Zhu Fei, a disciple of the Pit of Doom, he has been responsible for the delivering of messages between the sect and the spies they planted in the Central Plains. However, when making a routine report to an elder of the sect at [desc_daytime=-20], the elders didn't try to evade the stranger next to them and asked him to report directly. At that time, he thought it was just another elder in the sect that he hadn't met before. But as it turned out, the person is from Mt. Hundred Insects. That elder had always been a person who sticks to the rules, so this kind of things is very strange.		
24	2	Mystery of Taiyi	2	Purple Cloud	Purple Cloud Temple Disciple - Qin Jie	According to Qin Jie, a disciple of the Purple Cloud Temple, he was going to break through Golden Core at [desc_daytime=-20] and requested his master for guarding. However, his master and other elders of the sect suddenly announced that they would meditate and make a great comprehension of Tao, thus starting a closed-door session for many days. By the time the session finished, his master was injured due to failing to make a comprehension, and his own Core Shaping opportunity that he waited for years had been wasted. He really couldn't understand why his master, who had always treated him like own son, would abandon him at such a crucial moment and join that weird collective closed-door session.		
26	2	Mystery of Taiyi	2	True Unity	Mystic Unity Sect Master - Ye Baixue	According to Master Ye Baixue of the Mystic Unity Sect, at [desc_daytime=-20], she along with ten or so other elders were ordered by the sect leader to pay a visit to the Purple Cloud Temple, and had a secret exchange of knowledge with their elders. However, the Purple Cloud Temple only sent out a few nameless cultivators to converse with them, and their knowledge were sub-par as well. Such neglect had made them rather angry.		
27	2	Mystery of Taiyi	2	Kunlun	Kunlun Palace Elder - Li Weiyan	According to Elder Li Weiyan of the Kunlun Palace, they were sent to the Purple Cloud Temple by the order of their sect leader at [desc_daytime=-20], and traded several precious formation diagram with the Temple in exchange for a large amount of elixirs which they don't really need. Li had never made such an unprofitable deal ever since they took charge of the treasury and was really upset.		
28	2	Mystery of Taiyi	2	Sunshade	Sunshade Abode Elder - Xie Si	According to Elder Xie Si of the Sunshade Abode, at [desc_daytime=-20], their sect leader sold many Flood Dragon materials at a low price to the Purple Cloud Temple in exchange for Spiritstone, supposedly for expanding their sect. However, despite having prepared for the expansion of sect for a long time, even abandoning the crafting of a divine artifact that was almost finished for it, he received a notice that the expansion plan had been cancelled. It was such a pity.		
29	2	Mystery of Taiyi	2	Kunlun	Kunlun Palace Master - Gu Cong	According to Master Gu Cong of the Kunlun Palace, the deployment of Dragon Circle must use something from a dragon as the instrument of auxiliary, which can trigger the spiritual mechanisms through dragon breath. Only in this way can the circle exert its full power and create a lockdown between heaven and earth. In addition, you noticed that there is a very peculiar seal on a formation diagram which Master Gu Cong was studying. It has an antique style and seemed to be part of a more complex seal. Finding it worthy of note, you memorized its details.		
30	10000	Ancient Secret	0		Ancient Secrets: Heavenly Battlefield, Volume XV	According to "Ancient Secrets: Heavenly Battlefield, Volume XV," mankind won two wars between the Immortals and Demons in ancient times. The two wars were bitter victories for those of the world of cultivators. The great loss filled a group in the Eastern Palace with pessimism regarding a third war between the Immortals and Demons. There is a wish to create a "Universe" using magic into which escape would be possible were disaster ever to come.		
31	10000	Ancient Secret	1	Eastern Palace	Exultant Sect Master - Yin Lian	According to Master Yin Lian of the Exultant Sect, "Universe" used to be the ultimate artifact of the Eastern Palace, a great sect in ancient times. However, the difficulty of crafting an artifact with space-opening capabilities is utterly unimaginable. Unless there was some extraordinary demand, there is really no reason to create such a treasure. And how exactly was such a treasure passed on to the hands of Taiyi Sect, and ultimately brought about their destruction?	32	30|40
32	10000	Ancient Secret	2		Secret Codex of Taiyi	According to the "Secret Codex of Taiyi," the Eastern Palace was the leader of cultivation world, all followed such incredible might. It was a great change thousands of years ago that almost wiped out the Eastern Palace's sect. Their Law became a taboo, and all evidence of it all but wiped out of existence. Over a century later, a hidden secret that had been hidden from the world appeared, and they established a Sect known as: The Taiyi Sect!		
33	10000	Ancient Secret	0		Ancient Secrets: Heavenly Battlefield, Volume VII	According to "Ancient Secrets: Heavenly Battlefield: Volume VII," during the Second War, two evil Sects colluded with a great evil, which brought about the end of the world. The Sect Leader of the Eastern Palace sacrificed himself to the Creed of Heaven so that the Eastern Sovereign would reap and destroy the ten heretics. A great, but bitter, victory in the Second War was won.		
34	10000	Ancient Secret	0		Exultant Sect Master - Yin Lian	According to Master Yin Lian of the Exultant Sect, there were ten great evil sects during ancient times: Gymno Cult, Seven-Slaughtering Sect, Blood Cult, Sun-Moon Holy Cult, Yin-Yang Order, Sentimental Ocean, Order of Celestial Demon, Temple of Thousand Evils, Earthmother Cult, Moon-worshipping Cult.		
35	10000	Ancient Secret	0		Exultant Sect Master - Yin Lian	According to Master Yin Lian of the Exultant Sect, the Exultant Sect had a legacy that goes all the way to ancient times, when it was known as Yin-Yang Order back then.		
36	10000	Ancient Secret	0		Exultant Sect Master - Yin Lian	According to Master Yin Lian of the Exultant Sect, Earthmother Cult was the most powerful sect in the western part of cultivation world, having reportedly a hundred thousand disciples in their ranks. After the War of Immortals and Demons, the sect became almost destroyed due to a great upheaval. One of the remaining branches reformed and re-established itself as the Pit of Doom.		
37	10002	Known Conclusion	1	Seven-Slaughtering Exultant Doom		There is no doubt that the Seven-Slaughtering Sect, Exultant Sect and Pit of Doom have secretly participated in the destruction of Taiyi Sect, and even harbored some kind of hatred against it. But Taiyi was merely a small sect that has been established in the past hundred years, while these three are great powers among the sects of demon Law. This inexplicable hatred is hard to explain.	32	33|34|35|36|40
38	10000	Ancient Secret	0		Ancient Secrets: Heavenly Battlefield, Volume V	According to "Ancient Secrets: Heavenly Battlefield, Volume V," the Second War between Immortals and Demons is near at hand. The Eastern Palace is preparing a united front, but the Purple Cloud Temple is not falling in line. With extraordinary daring and resolution, the Sect leader of the Eastern Palace personally executed seven elders of the Purple Cloud Temple for defiance of orders, restoring discipline to the army of cultivators. The united front was thusly established and a Pyrrhic victory in the war was won. This Purple Cloud Temple incident cause internal friction that led to problems for the world of cultivators. The Eastern Palace forced the Purple Cloud Temple to make a vow to seek atonement by taking the lead in the Third War of Immortals and Demons.		
39	10002	Known Conclusion	1	Purple Cloud Temple		There is no doubt that the Purple Cloud Temple was directly involved in Taiyi's destruction. They seem to have some kind of trepidation and fear against Taiyi Sect, and their action was more like a move made out of precaution in the name of Mt. Hundred Insects. But Taiyi was merely a small sect that has been established in the past hundred years, while Purple Cloud Temple is a great power that goes back to ancient times. This inexplicable fear is hard to explain.	32	38|40
40	10000	Ancient Secret	0		Ancient Secrets: Heavenly Battlefield, Volume I	According to "Ancient Secrets: Heavenly Battlefield, Volume I," after the Three Sovereigns ascended, only the Eastern Sovereign left their teachings behind at the Eastern Palace. The sect's power was without equal, to the extent that it was celebrated across the entire realm. Under its rule, humans achieved victory in both of the Wars between Immortals and Demons. There were none that didn't know of their might.		
41	10001	Tabooed Story	0		Scroll of Golden Ship	According to the "Golden Ship Scroll," a thousand years ago, the Eastern Palace brought about chaos in the world with the aim of destroying the foundation of cultivators. The Eastern Palace became infected by the evil energy during the war and ended up wanting to subvert the world. The Eastern Palace's sect leader was even known as the Demon among Demons, dominating the world with unparalleled cultivation power.\nCultivators fought for survival no matter what side, for over a decade before finally obliterating the Eastern Palace.		
42	10002	Known Conclusion	1	Eight Great Sects		There is no doubt that Mt. Hundred Insects was not the only participant. The Purple Cloud Temple also sent people in secret to deploy the Dragon Circle. What's more shocking is that behind these two sects, there were even six more sects of both good and evil sects plotting in the shadow, namely the Exultant Sect, Seven-Slaughtering Sect, Pit of Doom, Sunshade Abode, Kunlun Palace and Purple Cloud Temple. However, their attitudes towards Taiyi are subtle. No matter what, this is obviously not what simple love and hatred can explain. There is bound to be a deeper secret behind it.	32	40|41
43	10000	Epilogue: Ancient Secret	0		Exultant Sect Master - Yin Lian	According to Master Yin Lian of the Exultant Sect, few are able to interpret information of ancient times nowadays. It was because at the time, demons invaded the Mortal Realm frequently. So human cultivators as a whole started to use a secret spell to seal their message. Once so protected, the message can only be unsealed by using human blood as the catalyst. This is to prevent the demons that have infiltrated the Mortal Realm from interpreting human info.		
