ID	Des	Disname
		
-1	Empty	Empty
1	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of Artifact Mastery Epiphany.	Tao Epiphany: Small
2	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of Artifact Mastery Epiphany.	Tao Epiphany: Large
3	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of Spellcraft Epiphany.	Tao Epiphany: Small
4	Bestow the artifact with a large amount of Spellcraft Epiphany.	Tao Epiphany: Large
5	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of Protection Epiphany.	Tao Epiphany: Small
6	Bestow the artifact with a large amount of Protection Epiphany.	Tao Epiphany: Large
7	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of Alchemy Epiphany.	Tao Epiphany: Small
8	Bestow the artifact with a large amount of Alchemy Epiphany.	Tao Epiphany: Large
9	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of Artifact Crafting Epiphany.	Tao Epiphany: Small
10	Bestow the artifact with a large amount of Artifact Crafting Epiphany.	Tao Epiphany: Large
11	Bestow the artifact with a novice manual of Artifact Mastery.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
12	Bestow the artifact with an advanced manual of Artifact Mastery.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
13	Bestow the artifact with an exquisite manual of Artifact Mastery.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
14	Bestow the artifact with a profound manual of Artifact Mastery.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
15	Bestow the artifact with a novice manual of Spellcraft.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
16	Bestow the artifact with an advanced manual of Spellcraft.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
17	Bestow the artifact with an exquisite manual of Spellcraft.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
18	Bestow the artifact with a profound manual of Spellcraft.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
19	Bestow the artifact with a novice manual of Protection.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
20	Bestow the artifact with an advanced manual of Protection.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
21	Bestow the artifact with an exquisite manual of Protection.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
22	Bestow the artifact with a profound manual of Protection.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
23	Bestow the artifact with a novice manual of Alchemy.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
24	Bestow the artifact with an advanced manual of Alchemy.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
25	Bestow the artifact with an exquisite manual of Alchemy.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
26	Bestow the artifact with a profound manual of Alchemy.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
27	Bestow the artifact with a novice manual of Artifact Crafting.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
28	Bestow the artifact with an advanced manual of Artifact Crafting.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
29	Bestow the artifact with an exquisite manual of Artifact Crafting.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
30	Bestow the artifact with a profound manual of Artifact Crafting.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
31	Bestow the artifact with a novice manual of Cultivation.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
32	Bestow the artifact with an advanced manual of Cultivation.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
33	Bestow the artifact with an exquisite manual of Cultivation.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
34	Bestow the artifact with a profound manual of Cultivation.	Secret Epiphany: [TXT]
35	Bestow the artifact with a tiny amount of skill, increasing its Artifact Power.	Skill Epiphany: Tiny
36	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of skill, increasing its Artifact Power.	Skill Epiphany: Small
37	Bestow the artifact with a medium amount of skill, increasing its Artifact Power.	Skill Epiphany: Medium
38	Bestow the artifact with a large amount of skill, increasing its Artifact Power.	Skill Epiphany: Large
39	Bestow the artifact with a huge amount of skill, increasing its Artifact Power.	Skill Epiphany: Huge
40	Bestow the artifact with a massive amount of skill, increasing its Artifact Power.	Skill Epiphany: Massive
41	Bestow the artifact with a tiny amount of skill, increasing its Spellpower.	Skill Epiphany: Tiny
42	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of skill, increasing its Spellpower.	Skill Epiphany: Small
43	Bestow the artifact with a medium amount of skill, increasing its Spellpower.	Skill Epiphany: Medium
44	Bestow the artifact with a large amount of skill, increasing its Spellpower.	Skill Epiphany: Large
45	Bestow the artifact with a huge amount of skill, increasing its Spellpower.	Skill Epiphany: Huge
46	Bestow the artifact with a massive amount of skill, increasing its Spellpower.	Skill Epiphany: Massive
47	Bestow the artifact with a tiny amount of skill, increasing its Barrier Power.	Skill Epiphany: Tiny
48	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of skill, increasing its Barrier Power.	Skill Epiphany: Small
49	Bestow the artifact with a medium amount of skill, increasing its Barrier Power.	Skill Epiphany: Medium
50	Bestow the artifact with a large amount of skill, increasing its Barrier Power.	Skill Epiphany: Large
51	Bestow the artifact with a huge amount of skill, increasing its Barrier Power.	Skill Epiphany: Huge
52	Bestow the artifact with a massive amount of skill, increasing its Barrier Power.	Skill Epiphany: Massive
53	Bestow the artifact with a tiny amount of skill, increasing its Grand Artifact Success Rate.	Skill Epiphany: Tiny
54	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of skill, increasing its Grand Artifact Success Rate.	Skill Epiphany: Small
55	Bestow the artifact with a medium amount of skill, increasing its Grand Artifact Success Rate.	Skill Epiphany: Medium
56	Bestow the artifact with a large amount of skill, increasing its Grand Artifact Success Rate.	Skill Epiphany: Large
57	Bestow the artifact with a huge amount of skill, increasing its Grand Artifact Success Rate.	Skill Epiphany: Huge
58	Bestow the artifact with a massive amount of skill, increasing its Grand Artifact Success Rate.	Skill Epiphany: Massive
59	Bestow the artifact with a tiny amount of skill, increasing its Alchemy Yield.	Skill Epiphany: Tiny
60	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of skill, increasing its Alchemy Yield.	Skill Epiphany: Small
61	Bestow the artifact with a medium amount of skill, increasing its Alchemy Yield.	Skill Epiphany: Medium
62	Bestow the artifact with a large amount of skill, increasing its Alchemy Yield.	Skill Epiphany: Large
63	Bestow the artifact with a huge amount of skill, increasing its Alchemy Yield.	Skill Epiphany: Huge
64	Bestow the artifact with a massive amount of skill, increasing its Alchemy Yield.	Skill Epiphany: Massive
65	Bestow the artifact with a tiny amount of skill, increasing its Cultivation Speed.	Skill Epiphany: Tiny
66	Bestow the artifact with a small amount of skill, increasing its Cultivation Speed.	Skill Epiphany: Small
67	Bestow the artifact with a medium amount of skill, increasing its Cultivation Speed.	Skill Epiphany: Medium
68	Bestow the artifact with a large amount of skill, increasing its Cultivation Speed.	Skill Epiphany: Large
69	Bestow the artifact with a huge amount of skill, increasing its Cultivation Speed.	Skill Epiphany: Huge
70	Bestow the artifact with a massive amount of skill, increasing its Cultivation Speed.	Skill Epiphany: Massive
71	Bestow the artifact with the Artifact Flight ability. (The original will not lose this ability)	Artifact Flight
72	Bestow the artifact with an additional small Qi Shield. (The original will not lose this ability)	Qi Shield: Small
73	Bestow the artifact with an additional medium Qi Shield. (The original will not lose this ability)	Qi Shield: Medium
74	Bestow the artifact with an additional large Qi Shield. (The original will not lose this ability)	Qi Shield: Large
