ID	Name	Desc	MapStory	DoLua	Default	Condition1	Point1	UnLock1	Condition2	Point2	UnLock2	Condition3	Point3	UnLock3	Condition4	Point4	UnLock4
	Title	Description	解锁触发的mapstory		默认线索	条件1 动机|参与者|证据 条件的判断从左往右依次	指向1	解锁内容 隐秘|角色|线索									
1	Mysterious Figure	It has been several months since the night of Taiyi's destruction. When you returned to the ruins of Taiyi to investigate on one occasion, you spotted a mysterious figure over there. From afar, it looked like Elder Yue Qingchou from the Evenfall Abode. The presence of this individual at that moment was anything but usual. Could she know something?				1|2|3,4,5	100	2||14									
2	Mystery of Taiyi	It has been confirmed that some disciples of Mt. Hundred Insects have participated in the destruction of Taiyi for a certain treasure. But Taiyi Sect was just an average sect at the southeastern border, and can be hardly considered wealthy. What kind of treasure the sect held in possession could have motivated Mt. Hundred Insects to send out all their elites to destroy them? All this remains to be investigated.			|14|	6|14|	101	3,500||	6,7,8,9|14,15,16,17|22,23,24	102	4,500||	6,10|14,18|25	103	5,500||	6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13|14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21|22,23,24,25,26,27,28,29	104	6,500||
3	Secrets of the Past	After some investigations, it seems that everything was due to Taiyi's possession of an ancient artifact "Universe", which aroused the greed of Mt. Hundred Insects that led to their destruction. But Taiyi was a small sect that has only been established in the past hundred years, dwelling humbly at the southeast border. Why did they possess such a great treasure? Everything is not as simple as it seems.				30,40|31|32	105										
4	Secrets of the Past	After some investigations, it seems that it was because there were three evil sects, namely the Exultant Sect, Seven-Slaughtering Sect and Pit of Doom, that harbored some kind of hatred against the Taiyi Sect, hence they intentionally leaked the message to Mt. Hundred Insects and set the chain of events into motion. But Taiyi was a small sect that has only been established in the past hundred years, dwelling humbly at the southeast border; while the three evil sects are all ancient powers. Where did this hatred even come from? Everything is not as simple as it seems.			|37|	33,34,35,36,40|37|32	106										
5	Secrets of the Past	After some investigations, you surprisingly found that Mt. Hundred Insects was not the only one involved. The masters who deployed the Dragon Circle on that day turns out to be from the Purple Cloud Temple. Unlike Mt. Hundred Insects which was just greedy for the artifact, the motivation behind Purple Cloud Temple is more obscure. They seem to have some kind of trepidation and fear against Taiyi Sect, and their action was more like a move made out of precaution in the name of Mt. Hundred Insects. But Taiyi was a small sect that has only been established in the past hundred years, dwelling humbly at the southeast border; while Purple Cloud Temple is a great ancient power. Where did this fear even come from? Everything is not as simple as it seems.			|39|	38,40|39|32	107										
6	Secrets of the Past	As the investigation went on, you found that this matter has far exceeded what you had imagined. Mt. Hundred Insects was not the only one involved, the masters who deployed the Dragon Circle on that day turns out to be from the Purple Cloud Temple. What's more shocking is that behind these two sects, there were even six more sects of both good and evil Laws plotting in the shadow, namely the Exultant Sect, Seven-Slaughtering Sect, Pit of Doom, Sunshade Abode, Kunlun Palace and Purple Cloud Temple. Apart from Mt. Hundred Insects which only wanted the treasure, other sects hidden behind the scene have subtle and differing attitudes towards Taiyi Sect: The three evil sects seem to harbor some kind of hatred against them, while the four righteous sects were trepidation and fear. But Taiyi was a small sect that has only been established in the past hundred years, dwelling humbly at the southeast border; while the seven sects other than Mt. Hundred Insects are all great ancient powers. Their attitudes towards Taiyi Sect are really puzzling. No matter what, this obviously cannot be explained by simple love or hate. There is bound to be a deeper secret behind it.			|42|	40,41|42|32	108	7||									
7	First Emperor	Now all mysteries point to the last sect leader of the Eastern Palace, however he was killed by several foes. All things about him are vanished and no one remember. You feel there is only one step from the truth and have a premonition that you can find the answer at the very beginning. Suddenly, The Mini Universe come to your mind.															
100	Mysterious Figure	According to Elder Yue Qingchou of the Evenfall Abode, when doing some business overseas on that day, she saw huge flames coming out of Mt. FullMoon and came to investigate, only to discover that the whole area had been deployed a formation spanning a hundred miles. Unable to come any closer and having other matters to attend to, she left shortly afterwards. The only thing she saw was golden light all over the sky from deep inside the circle. It was Poisons of Golden Cicada, a unique magic from Mt. Hundred Insects. And all kinds of clues also show that Mt. Hundred Insects indeed had planned to seize a treasure from a certain sect around the time of Taiyi's destruction. It appears Mt. Hundred Insects most definitely has something to do with this, and should be the focus of our next investigations.															
101	Mystery of Taiyi	As the investigation went further, you found that Taiyi Sect seemed to have an invaluable artifact called "Universe" in their collection, which regards a Law of survival in the coming tribulations of future. As the saying goes, the precious stone lands its innocent possessor in jail. This must be the reason why Taiyi became a target of a big evil sect such as Mt. Hundred Insects. But Taiyi was a small sect that has only been established in the past hundred years, dwelling humbly at the southeast border. Why did they possess such a great treasure? Everything is not as simple as it seems.		WorldLua:SetWorldFlag(94,1)													
102	Mystery of Taiyi	After some investigation, you found that the reason Mt. Hundred Insects massacred Taiyi Sect appeared to be for a precious artifact called "Universe". But behind the incident, there were also traces of Exultant Sect, Seven-Slaughtering Sect and Pit of Doom agitating the matter from the shadow. Upon further investigations, you found that the motives of these three sects to be quite mysterious. Unlike Mt. Hundred Insects which was just greedy for the artifact, they seem to harbor some kind of deep hatred against the Taiyi Sect, and it was this hate that caused to unite and set the chain of events into motion.\nBut Taiyi was a small sect that has only been established in the past hundred years, dwelling humbly at the southeast border; while the three evil sects are all ancient powers. Where did this hatred even come from? Everything is not as simple as it seems.		WorldLua:SetWorldFlag(94,1)													
103	Mystery of Taiyi	After some investigation, you found that the reason Mt. Hundred Insects massacred Taiyi Sect seemed to be for a precious artifact called "Universe". But it's not as simple as it appeared. According to Master Bai Zhi of Mt. Hundred Insects, the masters who deployed the Dragon Circle on that day turns out to be from the Purple Cloud Temple! That is to say, this was a joint operation between Mt. Hundred Insects and Purple Cloud Temple, a great sect of righteous Law and a great sect of evil Law. pon further investigations, you found the motive of the Purple Cloud Temple to be quite mysterious. Unlike Mt. Hundred Insects which was just greedy for the artifact, Purple Cloud Temple seemed to harbor some kind of trepidation and fear against Taiyi Sect, and their action was more like a move made out of precaution to nip the sect in the bud. But Taiyi was a small sect that has only been established in the past hundred years, dwelling humbly at the southeast border; while Purple Cloud Temple is a great ancient power. Where did this fear even come from? Everything is not as simple as it seems.		WorldLua:SetWorldFlag(94,1)													
104	Mystery of Taiyi	After some investigation, you found that the reason Mt. Hundred Insects massacred Taiyi Sect seemed to be for a precious artifact called "Universe". But it's not as simple as it appeared. According to Master Bai Zhi of Mt. Hundred Insects, the masters who deployed the Dragon Circle on that day turns out to be from the True Unity Sect! What's more appalling is that behind these two sects, there were even six more sects of both good and evil Laws plotting in the shadow, namely the Exultant Sect, Seven-Slaughtering Sect, Pit of Doom, Sunshade Abode, Kunlun Palace and Purple Cloud Temple. That is to say, this is a combined operation of eight great sects of both good and evil. Upon further investigations, you found something even stranger. Apart from Mt. Hundred Insects which only wanted the treasure, other sects hidden behind the scene have subtle and differing attitudes towards Taiyi Sect: The three evil sects seem to harbor some kind of hatred against them, while the four righteous sects were trepidation and fear. But Taiyi was a small sect that has only been established in the past hundred years, dwelling humbly at the southeast border; while the seven sects other than Mt. Hundred Insects are all great ancient powers. Their attitudes towards Taiyi Sect are really puzzling. No matter what, this obviously cannot be explained by simple love or hate. There is bound to be a deeper secret behind it. During the investigations you had noticed two different incomplete seals from Exultant Sect and Kunlun Palace. After doing some extensive research, you found that those two have some kind of connection with each other. But due to the lack of a most crucial part, you were unable to piece them together, which made you very concerned.		WorldLua:SetWorldFlag(94,1);WorldLua:SetWorldFlag(95,1)													
105	Secrets of the Past - Treasure of Taiyi	Unexpectedly, you discovered that the Taiyi Sect actually originated from the great ancient sect of Eastern Palace, which was almost completely destroyed by a great upheaval a thousand years ago. A century after that, its remnants managed to rebuild the sect and changed the name to Taiyi.\nIn ancient times, there were two great wars between immortals and demons, and they both ended with a Pyrrhic victory for the world of cultivators. The huge losses filled a group of people in the Eastern Palace with pessimism regarding a possible third war between the Immortals and Demons. Thus, they created the "Universe" artifact in hopes of it acting as a final sanctuary for humans, should such a calamity really unfold.\nEverything is clear now. Mt. Hundred Insects somehow learned of the whereabouts of this artifact, and massacred the whole Taiyi Sect to seize it.															
106	Secrets of the Past - Leader of the Righteous	Unexpectedly, you discovered that the Taiyi Sect actually originated from the great ancient sect of Eastern Palace, which was almost completely destroyed by a great upheaval a thousand years ago. A century after that, its remnants managed to rebuild the sect and changed the name to Taiyi.\nIn ancient times, the Eastern Palace was the orthodox heritage of the ancient Three Sovereigns in the Mortal Realm. It was an indisputable leader of the righteous Law, with overwhelming influence and power. During the Second War of Immortals and Demons, the ten great evil sects colluded with the head of demons, and ended up being annihilated by the Eastern Palace. The Mt. Hundred Insects, Pit of Doom, Seven-Slaughtering Sect and Exultant Sect of today are the remnants of the evil sects from back then.\nEverything is clear now. These four sects knew what Taiyi Sect really was. They must be wary of the possibility that the Eastern Palace might rise again one day and finish what was left over, hence they decided to strike first.															
107	Secrets of the Past - Worldwide Authority	Unexpectedly, you discovered that the Taiyi Sect actually originated from the great ancient sect of Eastern Palace, which was almost completely destroyed by a great upheaval a thousand years ago. A century after that, its remnants managed to rebuild the sect and changed the name to Taiyi.\nIn ancient times, the Eastern Palace was the orthodox heritage of the ancient Three Sovereigns in the Mortal Realm, an indisputable leader of the righteous Law. When the Second War between Immortals and Demons was near at hand, the Eastern Palace was preparing a united front of human cultivators against the invading demons, but the Purple Cloud Temple refused to fall in line, for they consider themselves a great power of the righteous Law. With extraordinary daring and resolution, the Sect leader of the Eastern Palace personally executed seven elders of the Purple Cloud Temple for defiance of orders, restoring discipline to the army of cultivators. The united front was thusly established and a Pyrrhic victory in the war was won. The war along with the incident regarding Purple Cloud Temple had caused the world of cultivators heavy losses. The Eastern Palace forced the Purple Cloud Temple to make a vow so seek atonement by taking the lead in the Third War of Immortals and Demons.\nEverything is clear now. The Purple Cloud Temple knew what Taiyi Sect really was. Now that a third war of immortals and demons is imminent, they must be wary of the possibility that the Eastern Palace might rise again one day and finish what was left over, hence they decided to strike first.															
108	Secrets of the Past - Eastern Palace Upheaval	Unexpectedly, you discovered that the Taiyi Sect actually originated from the great ancient sect of Eastern Palace. In ancient times, the Eastern Palace was the orthodox heritage of the ancient Three Sovereigns in the Mortal Realm, with overwhelming influence and power. They were the one that led the world of human cultivators to defeat the invading demons in the Second War of Immortals and Demons, saving the entire Mortal Realm.\nHowever, a thousand years ago, the Eastern Palace suddenly brought about chaos in the world with the aim of destroying the foundation of all cultivators. Rumors spread that the sect leader of Eastern Palace secretly modified their way of Five Elements which was passed down from the Eastern Sovereign of old, and absorbed demonic energy into the cultivation process. The man had fallen to be a follower of the demonic ways, seeking to subvert the Mortal Realm. The Eastern Palace's sect leader was even known as the Demon among Demons, dominating the world with unparalleled cultivation power.\nCultivators fought for survival no matter what side, for over a decade before finally obliterating the Eastern Palace.However, the Eastern Palace had left a secret heritage. After hiding for a hundred years, they rebuilt their former sect and changed the name to Taiyi Sect.\nEverything seems to have a reasonable explanation by now. All the sects in the world are afraid of the rise of Taiyi regardless of good and evil. The Demon among Demons has returned to the world, hence they united together to kill it once and for all. However, is this really the truth? As a disciple of Taiyi who excels at Taiyi's way of Five Elements, no one knows the fundamentals of Taiyi's Law better than you. Among them there may be some wicked and extreme techniques, but absolutely not anything like improving your cultivation by absorbing demonic energy. If this is still not the truth, but merely lies fabricated by the victors, then what really is the truth hidden behind the veil of history? All this seems to fall into a bigger mystery...															
500	Side Story: Ancient Message	You have come across quite a few ancient secrets these days. However, information left over from ancient times is very strange, as its content is mostly just trivial and pointless matters. Some of them even seem to be specious or indecipherable, as if having been applied a spell of secrecy. But such spells are generally used as a way to conceal secret messages within a sect. But judging from the ancient texts, all of them seemed to have been protected using the same spell. What is the point of this encryption then? And what is its deciphering method?				43||	1000										
1000	Side Story: Ancient Message	After doing some extensive research, you learned that the reason behind the encryption of ancient message was to prevent the demons that have infiltrated the Mortal Realm from interpreting human info. After doing these research, you have also learned how to decipher ancient texts.		WorldLua:SetWorldFlag(93,1)													
10000	Ancient Secret																
10001	Tabooed Story																
10002	Known Conclusion																
